# CS320
**How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?**
I can ensure my code, program, or software is function and secure through extensive testing. Multiple types of testing are crucial to ensure these qualities, such as pentetration testing, unit testing, and integration testing. Penetration testing ensures vulnerabilities are taken care of, and that the program is secure. Unit testing tests classes for specified requirements, such as length of a string, certain types of input, and overall input validation all of which ensure functionality and security. Integration testing tests the entire software on a higher level, ensuring seperate classes/objects work together properly and create an overall smooth and functional application.

**How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?**
I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program in a few ways, mainly being direct requirements. Requirements are crucial, especially when you are not creating a personal project, as the customer probably knows their users better than you as a developer do. Outside of directly given requirements, it is important to see the software from the users eye. I would personally continuosly use and test the software to find areas which improve the overall user experience.

**How do I approach designing software?**
I approach designing software in a structured manner. I find the most success with repetetive creation of mockups, narrowing them down each time. I like to create an overall system design in a very broad manner, and then adjust and get more descriptive each time until I have a solid vision of the entire software. If this software is personal, I would move on to development after this stage. If this software is for a customer, I would have refer to the requirements and get back with the customer to go over the final design, refining based on feedback. Throughout the development stage, it is important to run tests often as new pieces are developed. Once the development and incremental testing is complete, it would then be useful to allow a select group of people use the software and give feedback once again on their overall thoughts. This would continue until the software is up to expectations, and then comes the release stage.
